h2. Beautiful Rectangles: Simple UX Templates

Beautiful Rectangles is simple set of templates and libraries to make it a little easier to create user experience design deliverables.

Beautiful Rectangles enables:

* Personas
* Sitemaps
* Wireframes
* Click-Through Prototypes

"Official Beautiful Rectangles Website":http://www.beautifulrectangles.com

h3. Requirements

The library is designed to work with what a user experience designer should already have:

"Adobe CS5":http://www.adobe.com/products/creativesuite/
* Illustrator CS5
* InDesign CS5
* Photoshop CS5
* Omnigraffle 5

h4. Credits

The Persona Diptych Photoshop (/Personas/PersonaDiptychTemplate.psd) template was modeled, with permission, after the work done by "Jason Travis":http://www.flickr.com/photos/jasontravis/sets/72157603258446753/ 

h2. License

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
